welcome back to our c 101 with the
Daoist flyer today we're going to talk
about the avatar zw8 4-channel RC a
helicopter
now I picked this up off eBay for about
$40 it is a fully functional 4 channel
helicopter you've got your up/down
you've got your roll left roll right
forward reverse and spin
however this is a mode one helicopter it
is not a mode 2 helicopter a little word
on modes in the US we use mode 2 that
means that your throttle is going to be
on the left stick throttle up and down
and your spin is also going to be on the
left sticks been left and spin right the
right stick is reserved for forward and
reverse and roll left and roll right now
with mode 1 however the controls are
reversed so it's kind of like taking
your steering wheel and your gas pedal
and switching them around so it's a
hurts your brain a little bit to fly if
you've been flying mode 2 now mode 1 is
traditionally used in Europe and
Australia but it is not used in the u.s.
mode 1 means that the left stick has
your thrust up and down when you move up
and down with it and left and right
controls your roll left and right mode 2
which is what we use in the US up and
down controls up and down and the left
state moving it left and right makes a
helicopter spin left and right now
considering the fact that I've been
flying mode 2 for about 3 or 4 years and
I've never really flown mode 1 before
I've only had about 10 flights on this
I'm going to do my best to show you how
this aircraft performs it is a very
precise aircraft it's really fast
it's got good forward reverse motion and
it's got a really precise spin but like
I said I've never really flown mode one
you pretty much decide either mode 1 or
boat 2 and stick with it so it's kind of
it kind of hurts my brain a little bit
to fly this around but I'll try and do
my best to make it as precise as I can
even show you the performance that it
can actually give now the flight time is
going to be about five minutes and the
charge time from the transmitter is
about 50 minutes but if you use the
included USB charger the charge time is
really only about 20 minutes so I
suggest always use the USB charger don't
charge off the transmitter in waste your
batteries so let's go ahead and give you
a little flight demonstration here
the best one that I can give you like I
said I've only had about five or six
flights on mode one so it may be a
little twitchy compared to my normal
five
it does have a trend for the stem which
is pretty precise you can see the gyro
that it has on a dust-heap it has some
pretty badly
it actually does roll that and roll
right we good
so as you can see it for a four-channel
it is pretty precise unfortunately my
mode one skills are not as good as my
mode two skills so it's a little shaky
in the air but I am getting the hang of
it okay it is a gyro-stabilized
helicopter it really is fully functional
port channel it's a lot of fun to fly
it's really stable it's easy to fly the
shipping did take a while on it it took
about two and a half weeks to get out to
me but for $40 it's a fully functional
four channel RC helicopter and I know
they're not riding on any famous James
Cameron movies with the Avatar name or
anything like that so that's the avatar
zw8 for Channel RC helicopter thanks for
tuning into RC 101 with a Taoist flyer
tune in for more fun aircraft videos